an empty shell with human
Graves that's how the World Health
Organization described the state of
alifa Hospital once gaza's largest and
most advanced Medical
complex wh staff managed to get access
to the site and found partially buried
bodies and the smell of
decomposition they say most of ala's
buildings now lie in Ruins and much of
its equipment has been reduced to ashes
the team concluded that getting even
basic functionality back in the short
term seems implausible this is what used
to be the emergency department and uh as
you can see it's totally destroyed you
can see the total Destruction everywhere
and the most important there's a smell
of um sewage and of the rotten bodies
around me Israeli forces withdrew from
alifa hospital in Gaza City on Monday
following a two-e military operation
targeting what they described as Hamas
fighters who had regrouped there but the
Israeli Army has been accused of
recklessly endangering civilians with
this and other devastating attacks on
gaza's health sector which is already
overwhelmed with thousands of injured
Palestinians the health situation is
tragic and disastrous in the Gaza Strip
Gaza City and Northern Gaza we call on
everyone to support the health sector in
all of the gaza's
trip months into the war only 10 out of
the 36 Main hospitals in Gaza are still
partially operational according to the
who in Rafa in southern Gaza where more
than 1.5 million displaced people are
trapped Abu yusf and Naja hospital is
overwhelmed by patients doctors say they
lack medicines and fuel due to Aid
restrictions the hospital is overcrowded
the doctors are exhausted our medical
staff and nurses are unable to deal with
the cases given the large number of
injured people and patients and after
183 days none of the doctors or medical
staff have an ounce of strength left
despite growing International pressure
on Israel to do more to avoid civilian
casualties it's been continuing to
attack Gaza from north to south
indiscriminately the wh says as famine
looms disease outbreak spread and Trauma
injuries increase
gaza's remaining Health Facilities must
be given immediate protection nedi Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer